[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, the next thing
that I wanna talk about just at a really
high level is the module pattern.
Module pattern,
there's a little more to it, but
in essence the module pattern is a way
that you can modularize your code, or
you can do things like make sort of
class like structures in Java script.
It's a way to construct sort
of API which is just like
an interface of interacting
with your data and so, for
example you can have some private
methods and private properties.
And then, this returns an object
that has some public properties,
which can be accessed by the public, and
there's public methods that can be run.
And then there's a privileged method
that could access the private method.
What this does,
it limits what your application can
do with the data inside of here.
And this is just sort of a overview.
And I'll go into more detail
of how we'd actually use it.
So, here's an example of a car function,
a constructor function.
We can create different
kinds of cars like this.
This would be like, if you had a car game
and you didn't want people to cheat and
change the gasoline level, like maybe,
this maybe most boring card game
ever where like you keep going
until you run out of gas.
[LAUGH] And so, how you would,
what you would do to sort of
limit that cheating is that
we'd have this privileged
method here that's called go which
calls useGas and passes the speed.
And so, what that does is that you can't
change the gasoline level directly
on the car, and let's just run
this just to kinda look at it.
So, no, my timer's still going.
So, we have here our cars, so
we can say like var, what's a kind of car.
I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: A Ferrari.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: A Ferrari.
How do you spell Ferrari?
>> Speaker 2: F-E-R-R-A-R-I.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
equals car [INAUDIBLE] take anything, no.
So, now we have our Ferrari and
we can look at it.
So, a Ferrari is an object
that has a go function, and
you can change the radio station and
also you can just see the radio station.
And so, if we wanted to say
ferrari.go(2) and we can pass our speed.
So, let's we're going to, everyone goes,
the speed limits about two, right?
No?
Okay, so quiet today you guys.
And so, you can keep going until you run
out of gas, and it will print out of gas.
And so, we see here when we use gas,
we pass it's speed and it goes up here.
And useGas is a private function.
So, we can't change how the gas is used.
And so, this would prevent someone
from cheating on the car game,
where they would give themselves more
gas than someone else, for example.
And the whole idea here is sort of
abstracting away what is important and
what is not dangerous for someone to use?
If you think about just
the car metaphor in general,
when we talk about APIs we would say,
so to drive a car you don't have to
know how the engine works, right?
And in fact, it's better that when
you're driving the car that you're not
touching the engine.
You're just only touching what
is public to you which is
the steering wheel,
maybe the ignition, the shifter thing.
And so, our car API is abstracting away
how the engines actually working, so
you can drive a car and not actually
understand how the engine works and
it might be dangerous if you did,
and you went in there and
started messing around with it,
and then it broke.
So, that's the same idea here.
So, we have some things that are private
in our car, like the gasoline level and
how to use the gas in general.
Whereas something that's less dangerous
like changing the radio station or
just going.
So go,
would be like pressing the ignition.
We have access to that.
And so, we can use closures
to create an interface like
that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does that make sense?
Thumbs on that?
Thumbs?
>> Speaker 2: So,
is this kinda building on the closure?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
this is using a closure.
See how we're returning this object-
>> Speaker 2: That useGas is kinda
the function within the function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, exactly,
exactly and that's just another
way to think about closure.
Any questions about closures?
Because we're gonna keep moving.
>> Speaker 3: To make a comment on that,
where before when we were naming
a function it was a global scope,
this one is not, it's a function scope
cuz it's defined within that function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, yeah, exactly.
And you can use a module
pattern to organize your whole
code base into different modules as well.
So, you have private components
of your app that you can use.
So, the module pattern is used all over
and this is just a simple example of
how we could use the module
pattern to make classes,
as like a factory to make objects, mm-hm.
>> Speaker 3: Can you
call a function within one of
the functions that you're returning?
So for example, here could you call
the go function within the change station
function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, you could.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.